After spending 400 hours in CloudCode, I
noticed something. Most people online
are developing fancy skills for the sake
of a cool video, but businesses don't
actually want that. They want six types
of skills. They're simple, they're
boring, but they are effective. Skills
that save time, save money, or remove
mistakes. And the crazy part is, these
six skills are the ones that clients
will pay the most for because they allow
you to build the best agents at the
lowest cost. So, in this video, I'll
show you what they are, why they sell,
and how you can use them to sell AI
automations. But before we jump into the
first one, let me show you how I figured
all of this out. I've worked with real
estate agencies, HVAC companies,
coaches, marketing agencies, and more.
And I've seen the same patterns across
every business. They're different
industries, sure, but they face the same
problems. And these skills keep showing
up again and again. So, if you're
watching this and you want to make money
selling AI in 2026, don't overthink it.
Just start with what the businesses are
already paying for. All right, let's get
into the first skill. So, the first
skill that I install is the one that
builds every other skill, and it's
called the skill creator. It's one of
the official skills from Anthropic. You
basically just describe what you want in
plain English, Claude drafts the skill,
tests it, iterates on it, and it
packages it into something that you can
use forever. You don't have to manually
touch or edit a skill.md5. You don't
have to figure out the formatting. You
just talk to Claude like you're
explaining the job to a co-worker, and
you walk away with a skill that runs the
same every time. You can even drop in
like an SOP, and it would be able to
turn that into a reusable skill. So, the
problem it solves is very simple. Most
people who get into ClaudeCode try to
write skills manually, and they
immediately hit a wall. They don't know
the structure, they don't know what
makes a skill reliable versus flaky. So,
they either give up or they cobble
something together that breaks the
second a client touches it. So, the
skill creator removes all of that
headache. Now, honestly, the skill
itself isn't what a client pays for, but
every single skill that you're going to
sell to an HVAC company, a real estate
agency, a coach, whatever, they all come
out of this one. It's the factory that
builds the product. So, indirectly, this
is the skill that can help make all of
the other dollars possible. So, here's a
simple example. Let's say a real estate
agency tells you they waste hours every
week writing property descriptions.
Without Skill Creator, you'd be writing
out the whole skill.md5, figuring out
the trigger conditions, testing it over
and over, and it would probably break a
few times, and you could obviously get
to a spot where you have a good working
skill. But with the Skill Creator, you
can just explain it more naturally, and
it will help you build, test, and
package it. So, it just compresses that
learning curve. To install this, you can
run /plugin install skill creator. I'll
put the full command right up here and
in the description. And I'll include all
of the actual commands that you'll need
in the description so you can just copy
and paste them. I personally installed
this skill globally on a user scope, so
no matter what product that I'm actually
working in, if I ever need to build a
skill, it just automatically invokes
this, and I don't even have to think
about it at all. All right, so quick
thing before we get into the rest.
You're going to hear me use the word
skill throughout this video, but
technically some of these are plugins. A
skill is basically a package that you
install that teaches Claude how to do a
specific job better. It is the markdown
file, but a plugin is a bigger package
around that skill because it can contain
multiple other skills, plus extra things
like hooks or MCP servers. And all of
that changes how ClaudeCode behaves
under the hood because of that plugin.
Also, because I know you guys are going
to say so in the comments, I'm not an AI
avatar. This is really me here to speak
to you guys. But anyways, for this
video, I'm going to be calling some of
these [music] skills because the point
isn't the technical category, it's that
each one of these makes Claude
noticeably better at its job. Anyways,
the next skill is called superpowers,
and this one literally gives Claude
superpowers. It's a great name. It
forces Claude to work the way that a
senior developer works, meaning instead
of jumping in and writing code right
away, Claude will now step back and plan
the whole thing first. It works in an
isolated environment, so nothing breaks
your main project. It writes tests
before it writes code. It brainstorms,
and it reviews its own work in two
stages. Once for whether it actually
matches the spec, and once for code
quality. The problem it solves is the
number one failure mode when people use
ClaudeCode, which is rushed or sloppy
code. You ask for something, Claude
sprints to write it, and on the surface
it looks fine, but then when you start
to run it and use it, it falls apart. Or
worse, your client runs it, and it falls
apart. So, Superpowers slows Claude down
just enough to actually think the
problem through, and it doesn't let
Claude skip steps. So, really any
project where you're building software
or automations that will actually be put
into production needs this skill. An
HVAC company paying for a dispatch
system, a marketing agency paying for a
custom reporting tool. These clients
don't care how many lines of code you
wrote, they care that the system works
when their business depends on it.
Without a framework like Superpowers,
Claude might write the whole automation
in one shot and miss an edge case. But
with Superpowers, Claude can plan it
out, it can write the tests, it can find
edge case scenarios, and it can catch
those gaps before ever reaches your
client. Now, it's not realistic to say
that it's still going to be able to
one-shot everything. Ultimately, when
you're building, a large part of your
job is QA, quality assurance. And on
your first pass, if you can get
somewhere like 80% of the way there
rather than just like 60% of the way
there, that's a win. Fewer debugging
cycles means less time spent fixing
things and lower token costs. This is
also why Superpowers is one of the most
popular community skills out there with
over 150,000 stars on GitHub. So, to
install it, just run this command right
up here. I'll put this in the
description. And by the way, I also made
a full YouTube video breaking down this
Superpower skill and talking about the
tokens that it actually spends. So, you
can check that out right up here. All
right, skill number three is called GSD,
which stands for get done. And if
Superpowers is about how Claude writes
code, then GSD is about the environment
that Claude actually writes that code
in. Every ClaudeCode user eventually
hits that wall, right? You start a
session, things are going great,
Claude's nailing everything, and
somewhere around halfway through your
context window, it starts to fall apart.
You know, code gets sloppy, Claude
forgets requirements that you set at
[music] the beginning of the session. It
starts skipping steps, and it actually
cuts corners, and it might tell you
things are done when they're not. And
this is essentially called context rot.
Now, GSD fixes this with context
engineering. Instead of letting one big
session slowly degrade, it spawns fresh
sub-agents for each task, and each one
has a clean context window focused on
only what they need to know. So, your
main session stays clean, each task gets
the full power of Claude's context
window instead of just the leftovers. It
also has built-in quality gates that
catch real problems during execution.
Scope production detection catches the
planner when it silently drops a
requirement that you asked for. Security
enforcement anchors verification to your
threat model. These aren't things that
you'd manually think to go check
through, especially if you're not coming
from a software engineering background,
which is exactly why having them
automated really matters. There's also
an autonomous mode if you want to hand
Claude a spec and just walk away. It'll
plan, execute, commit, and work through
the whole project without you having to
babysit it as much. Now, one thing I
want to be up front about is that GSD
isn't really a token saving plugin. All
of these sub-agents cost tokens, but
what it saves you is the hours you'd
otherwise spend redoing work that Claude
broke because it forgot what you asked
in the first place. So, Superpowers
gives Claude the process, plan,
>> [music]
>> test, review, repeat. GSD gives Claude
the clean context so that processing
actually works every time. So, to
install this one, just run this command
in your terminal, and then you can also
type /gsd-help
inside of ClaudeCode to see what other
commands are available within that
plugin. Okay, so the fourth one isn't
actually a skill that you install, it's
already built into ClaudeCode, and most
people just aren't using it. It's the
/review command and its more powerful
cousin /ultra review. So, when you
finish writing code and you type
/review, Claude does a structured code
review on what you just built. It looks
for bugs, edge cases, and design issues,
all of the stuff that a careful reviewer
would be flagging. It runs locally, it's
fast, it costs you nothing beyond your
usual usage tokens. And then we have
/ultra review, which launched alongside
Opus 4.7. Now, this one, instead of
running locally, it uploads your branch
to a cloud sandbox and spins up a fleet
of reviewer agents in parallel. Each
agent will attack your code base from a
different angle, logic, security,
performance, edge cases. And here's the
part that's really cool, before any bug
shows up on your list, it has to be
independently reproduced and verified.
So, you're not going to get a pile of
style nitpicks or false positives,
you're going to be getting confirmed
bugs. Practically, I mean, this fits at
the end of any ClaudeCode workflow. You
plan with Superpowers, you execute with
clean context using GSD, and then before
you merge anything important, you run
/ultra review to catch the bugs that
Claude missed on its own. A few things
to know before you run it, you need
ClaudeCode version 2.1.86
or later, you need to be signed in with
a Claude account, an API key alone won't
work. And when you run the /ultra
review, it could take, you know, 10 to
20 minutes, but it runs in the
background so that you can keep working.
You'll want to use /review for fast
feedback on everything, and you can use
/ultra review when you're about to merge
something that actually matters, like a
big refactor or anything touching
payments or auth or a database
migration. The kind of commit where a
production bug costs way more than the
time and the tokens that ultra review
may cost you. And also, quick heads-up,
ultra review isn't free. Pro and max
plans get three free runs to try, it
might have changed by the time you're
watching this, but after that, it might
cost five to 20 bucks per run depending
on size. Once again, you don't need to
go install this if you're on ClaudeCode
2.1.86 or later, just type /review or
/ultra review in your terminal, and it
should work. All right, this fifth
plugin is context mode. So, here is the
problem. Every tool call that you make,
Claude dumps raw data into your context
window. So, a Playwright snapshot might
be 56 kilobytes, 20 GitHub issues might
be 59 kilobytes. And after about 30
minutes of real work, 40% of your
context window is just garbage, log
output, raw data, you know, stuff that
you never actually need Claude to look
at. And when Claude runs out of space
and compacts the conversation, it
forgets what files it was editing, what
tasks were in progress, and what you
last asked it to do. So, Context Mode's
job is to fix both halves of these
problems. First, it keeps the garbage
out. When Claude runs a command or
fetches a URL, Context Mode routes that
call through a sandbox. So, your code
runs in an isolated sub-process, the raw
output gets captured, and only the part
that Claude actually needs comes back
into the context window. Now, according
to their own benchmarks, a 56 kilobyte
Playwright snapshot becomes 299 bytes, a
46 kilobyte access log becomes 155
bytes. So, over a full session, 315
kilobytes of raw output becomes 5
kilobytes total. That's obviously from
their published benchmarks, and you can
see your own numbers by running
/contextmode:ctx-stats
at any point. Now, second, and this is
the part that I didn't even know I
needed until I had it, Context Mode
tracks every meaningful event in your
session in a local SQL database. Every
file you edit, every task you create,
every decision you make, every error
that comes up. When Claude compacts the
conversation, it doesn't lose any of
that. Context Mode rebuilds a session
snapshot and injects it back in. So, the
model picks up exactly where you left
off with your files, your tasks, and
your last prompt [music] intact.
Practically, what does this mean for
your ClaudeCode projects? Sessions that
used to fall apart around the 30-minute
mark now run for 3 hours because you
don't hit any slowdown. You stop wasting
prompts reminding Claude of the context
it already had. So, to install this one
on ClaudeCode, just type in these two
commands right here, and then you
restart ClaudeCode, and that's basically
it. The plugin auto-installs the MCP
server, the hooks, and the routing
instructions. All right, and now this
last skill is called ClaudeMem. And if
Context Mode keeps your current session
clean, then ClaudeMem is what carries
knowledge across all of your future
sessions. ClaudeCode starts every new
session from scratch. So, you open up a
session and you're explaining the
project for the fifth time this month
because every new conversation costs you
maybe 10 minutes and thousands of tokens
just getting Claude caught up. Now, you
can try to solve this with things like
your Claude.md files and your memory
files, which obviously are important.
And these are plain text files that you
write to give Claude persistent project
instructions. And those work, but you do
have to kind of think about maintaining
them by hand. So, if you miss an update
on one of those files, then Claude will
also miss that context. So, Claude Mem
basically takes this completely over. It
hooks into Claude's session life cycle
and it automatically captures what
happened during your session. It'll look
at the file edits, the decisions, the
bug fixes, the commands, things like
that. And then, it will use Claude's own
agent SDK to compress all of that
semantic summaries and stores everything
into a local SQLite database with vector
search. So, when you open up a new
session, the relevant parts get injected
back in automatically. And it also auto
generates folder-level Claude.md files
and updates them as you work. So, your
project documentation literally writes
itself while you code and it's
automated. Now, the part that actually
saves tokens is the retrieval. So,
instead of dumping every past
observation into your context, Claude
Mem uses a three-layer search system. It
first returns a compact index of
observations and then, you can pull a
timeline around the ones that matter.
And only then does it fetch the full
details for the handoff that you need.
So, this repo reports about 10 times
token savings on retrieval compared to
dumping everything in at the session
start. So, practically, all of your
Claude Code projects, you stop paying
the startup tax on every new session.
You stop repeating yourself. You pick up
a project where you haven't touched in 2
weeks and Claude already knows exactly
what you're working on and what you've
decided and where you left off. And
because everything runs locally on your
machine with a web viewer, you can
actually see what Claude remembers about
your project and you can look through it
yourself. Now, inside of Claude Code,
you can install this using the plugin
marketplace with the commands right here
on screen. Now, one quick warning from
the repo itself, you don't have to run
this npm install command. That installs
the SDK library only and nothing
actually works because the hooks never
register. So, stick with the two
commands above and that, ladies and
gentlemen, was number six on our list
today. But real quick, because I know a
lot of you guys are doing things with
website design or, you know, building
out slide decks and whatnot, bonus skill
number seven is the official front-end
design skill from Anthropic. You just
install it using the command on screen
and I would go ahead and just install
that globally. So, whenever you're doing
things like actually designing things in
Claude Code, it will make them look a
lot less AI-generated because of that
front-end design skill. Now, this type
of stuff also is natively baked into
Anthropic Labs' new product called
Claude Design. But if you do bring that
project back into Claude Code, you're
going to want to use this skill. Okay.
So, now that you know the skills and
what they do, here's how to actually
sell them. Because I see so many people
starting out trying to sell the actual
workflow, but you need to be selling
something else. You need to be selling
the outcome. You need to be selling
saving the business owner 10 hours a
week or cutting their admin mistakes and
their human error. You need to be
selling the results like speeding up
their leads or getting them more leads.
That's what they actually want to pay
for. So, instead of offering to build an
AI workflow, you're actually just
offering to save time, cut costs, and
help them focus on making more profit
for their business. And there's actually
a simple way to start doing this. If
you're brand new, don't try to use all
six of these right away. Just pick one,
learn it, build out a few workflows
using it, and show business owner a
demo. They won't really care about your
experience, they'll care about the value
of what you're showing them. And once
you start to understand how these skills
work and how they piece together, you're
able to build better automations quicker
and hopefully for cheaper, which means
you can make more demos. You can make
more content. You can automate more
parts of your own business. All of that
experience is going to help you
communicate the value of what you know
to business owners much better. So, I
know that we covered a ton of
information in this video. So, what I
did is I threw all of this into a
resource guide that you can access for
completely free inside of my free school
community. You can check that out using
the link in the description. And if you
want to see exactly how I make money in
2026,
then check out this video right up here.
But anyways, that is going to do it for
today. So, if you guys enjoyed or you
learned something new, then please give
a like. It helps me out a ton. And as
always, I appreciate you guys made it to
the end of the video and I'll see you
all in the next one. Thanks, everyone.